Doc-1467-update-saml-configurations (#3166)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/user-management/saml/setup.md

1. Select **Test settings** to check your SAML setup is working.
1. Set SAML 2.0 to **Activated**.

/// note | SAML Request Type

> Please note, n8n currently does not support `POST` binding. Please configure your IdP to use `HTTP` request binding instead. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note, n8n currently doesn't support `POST` binding. Please configure your IdP to use `HTTP` request binding instead. 
```

| Auth0 | [Configure Auth0 as SAML Identity Provider: Manually configure SSO integrations](https://auth0.com/docs/authenticate/protocols/saml/saml-sso-integrations/configure-auth0-saml-identity-provider#manually-configure-sso-integrations){:target=_blank .external-link} |
| Authentik | [Applications](https://goauthentik.io/docs/applications){:target=_blank .external-link} and the [SAML Provider](https://goauthentik.io/docs/providers/saml/){:target=_blank .external-link} |
| Azure AD | [SAML authentication with Azure Active Directory](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/auth-saml){:target=_blank .external-link} |

> | Jumpcloud | [How to setup SAML (SSO) applications with JumpCloud](https://jumpcloud.com/support/integrate-with-zoom#configuring-the-sso-integration){:target=_blank .external-link} (using `Zoom` as example) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| JumpCloud | [How to setup SAML (SSO) applications with JumpCloud](https://jumpcloud.com/support/integrate-with-zoom#configuring-the-sso-integration){:target=_blank .external-link} (using `Zoom` as example) |
```
